Anything you want to do you can do here. 
Maybe we got a few little happy bushes here, just covered with snow. 
Mix your color marbly don't mix it dead. 
This piece of canvas is your world.

Trees grow in all kinds of ways. They're not all perfectly straight. 
Not every limb is perfect. 
It's important to me that you're happy. 
We have no limits to our world. 
We're only limited by our imagination. 
Don't fiddle with it all day. 
We don't need any guidelines or formats. 
All we need to do is just let it flow right out of us.

It just happens - whether or not you worried about it or tried to plan it. 
I guess that would be considered a UFO. 
A big cotton ball in the sky. 
You can create the world you want to see and be a part of. 
You have that power. 
There's not a thing in the world wrong with washing your brush. 
If I paint something, I don't want to have to explain what it is. 
In your world you can create anything you desire.

In your imagination you can go anywhere you want. 
Now we'll take the almighty fan brush. 
We're trying to teach you a technique here and how to use it. 
Life is too short to be alone, too precious. 
Share it with a friend. 
Van Dyke Brown is a very nice brown, it's almost like a chocolate brown.

Let's have a nice tree right here. 
Volunteering your time; it pays you and your whole community fantastic dividends. 
Let your imagination be your guide. 
Let's make some happy little clouds in our world. 
I'm gonna start with a little Alizarin crimson and a touch of Prussian blue That's a crooked tree. 
We'll send him to Washington.

Let your heart be your guide. Painting should do one thing. 
It should put happiness in your heart. 
Just go out and talk to a tree. 
Make friends with it. 
The very fact that you're aware of suffering is enough reason to be overjoyed that you're alive and can experience it. 
Look around, look at what we have. 
Beauty is everywhere, you only have to look to see it.

You can create anything that makes you happy. 
Let your imagination be your guide. 
Let all these little things happen. 
Don't fight them. 
Learn to use them. 
Only think about one thing at a time. 
Don't get greedy.