No worries. No cares. Just float and wait for the wind to blow you around. Let's put some happy little bushes on the other
 side now. Be brave. Volunteering your time; it pays you and your whole community fantastic dividends. This is where you 
 take out all your hostilities and frustrations. It's better than kicking the puppy dog around and all that so. Be 
 careful. You can always add more - but you can't take it away.

This is your world, whatever makes you happy you can put in it. Go crazy. You have freedom here. The only guide is your
 heart. Just let your mind wander and enjoy. This should make you happy. Trees live in your fan brush, but you have to 
 scare them out. If we're gonna walk though the woods, we need a little path. I'll go over the colors one more time that 
 we use: Titanium white, Thalo green, Prussian blue, Van Dyke brown, Alizarin crimson, Sap green, Cad yellow, and 
 Permanent red.

I'm gonna start with a little Alizarin crimson and a touch of Prussian blue A big strong tree needs big strong roots. 
Little trees and bushes grow however makes them happy.

It is a lot of fun. Nice little clouds playing around in the sky. Just a happy little shadow that lives in there. 
We don't have to be concerned about it. We just have to let it fall where it will. We can always carry this a step 
further. There's really no end to this.

We want to use a lot pressure while using no pressure at all. Every highlight needs it's own personal shadow. I'm going 
to mix up a little color. We’ll use Van Dyke Brown, Permanent Red, and a little bit of Prussian Blue. It just happens - 
whether or not you worried about it or tried to plan it. If you don't think every day is a good day - try missing a few. 
You'll see.

Maybe there's a happy little Evergreen that lives here. You create the dream - then you bring it into your world. A fan 
brush is a fantastic piece of equipment. Use it. Make friends with it. Don't be bashful drop me a line. Be so very light. 
Be a gentle whisper. Isn't that fantastic?

Now then, let's play. It's hard to see things when you're too close. Take a step back and look. For the lack of a better 
word I call them hangy downs.